My work for this semester is all in this "suite488" folder.
I don't have a seperate 2nd project, but I did put a lot of energy put into 
working w/ API's in my final if you're feeling charitable.

This has not been a great semester. 

Final:
www.emmaayala.com/aLorMania

Lor Mania Current Build{}

The program accesses the openweather and timezoneDB APIs,
and uses the data to calculate the time of the day and the color of the sky.
In order to create gradual transitions in the background's color, 
I overlayed an animation** (w/ an array of pngs) over a background();
which transitions in time with Baltimore's sunrise and sunset.
I exported the assets in three styles (Day, Sunset, + Night) and 
then used blend modes to achieve the effect of them matching their environment. 
This way of working allowed for flexibility during scene construction & 
for a canvas that adapts to the user's window size. (basically if you check it out during the hours before and after sunset,
it looks wild!)

Currently, the game feels really barren, but in order to mitigate that 
I've implemented transition sounds + changing cursor images
in order to make the game feel more responsive. Users navigate through the scenes
entirely with their trackpad or mouse—I used Collide2d.js to code
the scene changing system as well as the interactive objects in the scenes. 

I want to implement more character animation into the game, 
as well as more carefully created visual assets. This mean + nervous world is
reflective of my emotional state, so I'm also interested in the idea of getting a fitbit or 
access to social media API so that I can use data to make even more personal.
I'd also like to figure out how to measure progression, in order to have triggered events 
and story progression. 


A QUESTION: 
**Everything is working fine on my local server, but on my website the links to the animation stills aren't working?? 
The error messages I recieve are:

(www.emmaayala.com/aLorMania)
            Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 404 (Not Found)
          
(emmaayala.com/aLorMania)
    Access to Image at 'http://www.emmaayala.com/assets/atmolay/filter1.png' from origin 'http://emmaayala.com'
    has been blocked by CORS policy: No 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is present on the requested resource.
    Origin 'http://emmaayala.com' is therefore not allowed access. The response had HTTP status code 404.    
        
        Do you know how I might go about fixing that???? 
        The overlays add a LOT to the visual character of the game. 
        It's the only set of assets that it isn't working, but most everything is being
        loaded in the same way, so i have no idea what's happening. :(
        
        
MAP / EVENT TREE 
        
(f)oreward
(l)eft
(r)ight
(b)ack
*interaction

//intro screen//
Atmotest 
(f)
Statue2c
(f)
Statue2b
(f)
Statue2
*click face to play audio
    [1]
     ---(r) Calle
            *click toilet to play audio
            *click sink to play audio
            *click lantern to play audio
    [2]
     ---(f) ForkintheRoad
            *click worm to play audio
                [1]
                 ---(r) Trashteller
                        *recieve fortune
                [2]
                 ---(l) Shitfield
                        *umbrella displays text when clicked
                        *clicking shell triggers a cut scene of sorts
                            [1]
                             ---(f)House
                                 *clicking triggers audio
                        
